Add new runtime parameter `OPT__PAR_INIT_CHECK` (#460)
gamer-project/gamer: doc/wiki/Runtime-Parameters-related/Runtime-Parameters:-Particles.md

It can be useful for evolving fluid in a static gravitational potential of particles.
    * **Restriction:**

<a name="OPT__PAR_INIT_CHECK"></a>
* #### `OPT__PAR_INIT_CHECK` &ensp; (0=off, 1=on) &ensp; [1]
    * **Description:**

> Do the `Par_Aux_InitCheck()` function after particle initialization (only works for [PAR_INIT](#PAR_INIT)!=`2`).
> It will be helpful when particles are initialized after `Par_Aux_InitCheck()`, such as by `Init_User_Ptr()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check particle initialization by calling `Par_Aux_InitCheck()` (only works for [PAR_INIT](#PAR_INIT)!=`2`).
Disable this check when particles are initialized _after_ setting grid fields, such as by `Init_User_Ptr()`.
```
